docs: Add RabbitMQ module documentation incl. an example (#918)
testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet: docs/modules/rabbitmq.md

# RabbitMQ

> Here is an example of a pre-configured RabbitMQ [module](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Testcontainers.RabbitMq;).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a pre-configured RabbitMQ [module](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Testcontainers.RabbitMq).
```

In this example, Testcontainers is utilized to launch a RabbitMQ server within an [xUnit.net][xunit] test. The purpose
is to establish a connection to the server, send a message, and subsequently validate the successful transmission and
consumption of the message. The process also ensures that the received message corresponds accurately to the
originally sent message.

```csharp

> using RabbitMQ.Client;
> using System.Text;
> using Testcontainers.RabbitMq;
> using Xunit;
> 
> 
> public class RabbitMqContainerTest : IAsyncLifetime
> {
>   private RabbitMqContainer _rabbitMqContainer;
> 
>   public Task InitializeAsync()
>   {
>     _rabbitMqContainer = new RabbitMqBuilder().Build();
>     return _rabbitMqContainer.StartAsync();
>   }
> 
>   public Task DisposeAsync()
>   {
>     return _rabbitMqContainer.DisposeAsync().AsTask();
>   }
> 
>   [Fact]
>   public void UnitTest()
>   {
>     // Create connection
>     var connectionFactory = new ConnectionFactory();
>     connectionFactory.Uri = new Uri(_rabbitMqContainer.GetConnectionString());
> 
>     using var connection = connectionFactory.CreateConnection();
> 
>     Assert.True(connection.IsOpen);
> 
>     // Send message
>     var channel = connection.CreateModel();
>     var queueName = "my_queue";
>     var message = "Hello, RabbitMQ!";
> 
>     channel.QueueDeclare(queueName, false, false, false, null);
>     channel.BasicPublish("", queueName, null, Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes(message));
> 
>     // Consume message
>     var consumer = new RabbitMQ.Client.Events.EventingBasicConsumer(channel);
>     var receivedMessage = "";
> 
>     consumer.Received += (_, eventArgs) =>
>     {
>         var body = eventArgs.Body.ToArray();
>         receivedMessage = Encoding.UTF8.GetString(body);
>     };
> 
>     channel.BasicConsume(queueName, true, consumer);
>     Thread.Sleep(1000); // to avoid race condition
>     Assert.Equal(message, receivedMessage);
>   }
> 
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using System.Text;
using System.Threading;
using RabbitMQ.Client;
using RabbitMQ.Client.Events;
using Testcontainers.RabbitMq;
using Xunit;

public sealed class RabbitMqContainerTest : IAsyncLifetime
{
  private readonly RabbitMqContainer _rabbitMqContainer = new RabbitMqBuilder().Build();

  public Task InitializeAsync()
  {
    return _rabbitMqContainer.StartAsync();
  }

  public Task DisposeAsync()
  {
    return _rabbitMqContainer.DisposeAsync().AsTask();
  }

  [Fact]
  public void ConsumeMessageFromQueue()
  {
    const string queue = "hello";

    const string message = "Hello World!";

    string actualMessage = null;

    // Signal the completion of message reception.
    EventWaitHandle waitHandle = new ManualResetEvent(false);

    // Create and establish a connection.
    var connectionFactory = new ConnectionFactory();
    connectionFactory.Uri = new Uri(_rabbitMqContainer.GetConnectionString());
    using var connection = connectionFactory.CreateConnection();

    // Send a message to the channel.
    using var channel = connection.CreateModel();
    channel.QueueDeclare(queue, false, false, false, null);
    channel.BasicPublish(string.Empty, queue, null, Encoding.Default.GetBytes(message));

    // Consume a message from the channel.
    var consumer = new EventingBasicConsumer(channel);
    consumer.Received += (_, eventArgs) =>
    {
      actualMessage = Encoding.Default.GetString(eventArgs.Body.ToArray());
      waitHandle.Set();
    };

    channel.BasicConsume(queue, true, consumer);
    waitHandle.WaitOne(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(1));

    Assert.Equal(message, actualMessage);
  }
}
```

Basically, I replaced the thread sleep with a semaphore.

```

> Make sure to install the [RabbitMQ.Client](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RabbitMQ.Client) package to be able to connect to RabbitMQ.

Reviewer: Should we add the required dependencies (as copy and paste snippet) to the top of the example, e.g. something like:

~~~
```console title="Install the NuGet dependencies"
dotnet add package Testcontainers.RabbitMq
dotnet add package RabbitMQ.Client
```
~~~

and then

~~~
```csharp title="Run RabbitMQ test"
```
~~~

?
